# orion_visualization_project
This was a Codecademy-prompted project I did as I worked my way through Codecademy's Data Science Career Path. To be perfectly blunt, because Codecademy provided so much hand-holding in the .ipynb file it provided learners, there's not a whole lot of thought that needed to go into it and it doesn't serve as a good showcase of my plotting skills. Indeed, the only thought I really needed for the project was how to fix Codecademy's totally incorrect explanations of declination and hour angle. I marked in red where I fixed their errors. I wasn't originally going to bother hosting this project in a github repository, but I had a change of heart after I realized that revisiting it would be a great way to learn the basics of plot.ly. Thus the upload.

The ultimate premise of the project is that, using a particular model of the positions of stars which comprise the constellation Orion, one wants to make a (projected) 2D plot of the positions of Orion's stars and full 3D plot of the positions of Orion's stars. The specific model was developed by Dr. Daniel Brown of the School of Science and Technology at Nottingham Trent University and is designed to be a walk-through installation of the constellation: details can be found at https://arxiv.org/ftp/arxiv/papers/1110/1110.3469.pdf.

The file containing my plotting code has been uploaded as "constellation_project_revisited_MAC.ipynb;" it makes use of Matplotlib and plot.ly. I use plot.ly in offline mode, making use of its integration with Jupyter notebook. If you want to download my code and run it, you will need to make sure that your installation of Jupyter notebook has ipywidgets installed. 
